hey guys it's larry Greenberg here this
is going to be in I guess epic unboxing
just returned from the apple store where
i drop some serious coin you saw me on
twitter you know what's coming but let
me show you what I got was like I not
only did I get the big purchase but I
bought some other things too so i bought
the agent 18 echo shield in this blue
color let me see if it actually yeah it
just says blue not sure what CAF means
something to do with the blue but this
is the blue that i was talking about in
the video i shouted my apple store i'm
bagging from a couple days ago i'm
having a white the blue is all blue
where you saw the way one has the gray
rails on the side this one's all blue so
i got that my apple stores really
stepped up their game bit and they had a
lot more cases they had all the frame
cases and they have these monochrome
slider cases so this is like a two-tone
case this one's they call it pale grey
they also had pink and grey and green
and gold so this should be cool to check
out not sure if the wake is as shiny as
the regular white let me pop it open the
regular white incase slider yeah it is
still shiny and then you got the little
silver on the bottom so I like to look
at that and then my wife was complaining
about her case for the old nano that she
has so I got to this in case clear
shield it's just like the in case
protective cover see it has that topo
pattern on the back but then it has a
clear shield over the front be nice if
they made this for the iphone I'd like
that it's kind of like the frame case
but you know uses that protective cover
back so that's that and then guys saw me
on Twitter you know what I got let me
get it out of
I see if I can even get this on camera I
got 13 inch let me move some stuff
around macbook pro 13-inch macbook pro
yeah i got it 13-inch macbook pro this
is the bigger one the specs on this
thing are the four gigabyte of memory
250 gigabyte hard drive you know all the
rest I think of this stuff is the same
as the other one but it's the bigger
process or more memory bigger hard drive
so I'm going to get this thing open and
set up and then I wanted to protect it
so I went with the speck seethru for it
probably end up going with a incipio
feather for it eventually but I wanted
something right away to protect it so I
at least pick that up and then let me
just send my camera around cuz i got
there's my microfiber I of course got
the printer free that you get from any
time you buy a computer at Apple I got
this HP photosmart which I'll probably
end up putting on ebay because i already
have it now some people are asking about
snow leopard is it you know already
installed on here what the the genius
guy told me was that it comes with a
snow leopard CD in the box so I do have
to install it I'm gonna eat day that as
well because i already have the family
pack so I'm time to get to work i'm
probably i'm not going to do an unboxing
of the macbook pro this but enough of
those floating around but uh that's it
have a great day